Doc: add some details of UnitTest and Converge in Documentation (#2752)
deepmodeling/abacus-develop: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

    )
    ```

> - Build with `-D BUILD_TESTING=1` flag, `cmake` will look for `GoogleTest` in the default path `/user/local/lib`; if not found, you can specify the path with `-D GTEST_DIR`. You can find built testing programs under `build/source/<module_name>/test`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Build with `-D BUILD_TESTING=1` flag, `cmake` will look for `GoogleTest` in the default path (usually `/usr/local`); if not found, you can specify the path with `-D GTEST_DIR`. You can find built testing programs under `build/source/<module_name>/test`.
```
